Overview:
By the year 2025, "all NYC public school students will receive meaningful, high‐quality Computer Science (CS) education at each school level: elementary, middle, and high school. Over the next 10 years, the DOE will train nearly 5,000 teachers who will bring CS education to the City’s ~1.1 million public school students". CS intersects to many categories: Robotics, Makers, Mobile App Development, etc. To aid us with this quest, today we're going to have a Web Design and Development demo that will teach you some html basics and give you a list of resources you can use moving forward.


Objectives:
Teachers will be able to:
Understand what Computer Science is
Learn HTML Fundamentals 
Create an HTML Page
Next Steps


Time:
20 minutes


Materials:
Projector, Monitor, Computers, Working w/ HTML and CSS Website


Common Core Standards:
Computational Thinking (CT)
CT.L2-06 Describe and analyze a sequence of instructions being followed (e.g., describe a character’s behavior in a video game as driven by rules and algorithms)
CT.L2-07 Represent data in a variety of ways including text, sounds, pictures, and numbers.
Collaboration (CL)
CL.L2-01 Apply productivity/ multimedia tools and peripherals to group collaboration and
support learning throughout the curriculum.
CL.L2-02 Collaboratively design, develop, publish, and present products (e.g., videos, podcasts,
websites) using technology resources that demonstrate and communicate curriculum
concepts.
CL.L2-03 Collaborate with peers, experts, and others using collaborative practices such as pair
programming, working in project teams, and participating in group active learning
activities.


Activity:
Ask teachers to download Sublime Text:
Ask teachers to create a new file in Sublime Text/Notepad.
On the new file they're going to write down the following:
1. Where do they teach
2. What level do they teach
3. Their Passion 

Share a few answers with the class.
Follow Steps 1-4 within the website
Share thoughts while creating the website
View Resources Tab
Exit Ticket

